MOTIVES MATTER
Motives are like the why beneath the why.

The Story Of David and Goliath
1st Samuel 17:20-24 32-38

20-21 David had an assignment or a responsiblity that he made sure to leave 
      in the care of someone else
24 Everyone was scared of Goliath

32	David said to Saul let no one loose heart.

33  Saul questioned his ability to challenge Goliath

34-37	David's response was to tell saul how successful he has been at his responsiblity, 
		how the lord has always helped him, therefore his confidence is in the lord.
		
Saul says okay then, go, and the lord be with you.

God backs pure motives.

James 5:16 Says 
Confess your trespasses to one another, and pray for one another, that you may be healed.
The effective fervent prayer of the righteous man availeth much.
		This means, prayers can be ineffective.
1.	One of the ingredient to an ineffective prayer is a prayer without a promise. 
	Did God tell you? Are you praying or believing God for something thats against His word?
	Many of us believers get discouraged after seeking Gods face for a while but many times
	we are asking for something He never even promised. And now things are worse because of the influense 
	of social media. Psalm 37:4 (Delight yourself in the Lord, and he will give you the desires
	of your heart.) This doesn't mean that God will give you what you want, but that he will give you 
	what to want.
	
2.	Second ingredient is a prayer without a plan. A prayer without a plan is wishful thinking. 
	Habakkuk 2:2 Write the vision, make it plain, that he may run that readeth it. 

3. A prayer with wrong motives. What is driving you? What's motivating you? Why do you want it?
	I find that a lot of times our motives are wrong. And some of us don't know, some are not 
	willing to admit it, much less confess it. In the hospital, you get admitted when you admit something 
	is wrong. Healing is on the other side of confession. A motive that is rooted in anything other than 
	God and has you trapped in denial or oblivion becomes an idol. 

	The primary purpose of prayer is the worship of God. It is not primarily for personal gain, but rather
	to glorify God, His Name, His Will, and His Kingdom as we see in Mathew 6:9&10. It is our lifeline. 
	Our communion with God. So prayer is a form of worship. Or as some will say, the highest form of worship. 
	
	
	James 4:3-8* NIV says when you ask, you do not recieve because you ask with wrong motives, that you may spend
	what you get on your pleasures. Your motives determine if what you are actually saying is "God, its not about
	what you want, is about what i want". "I don't exist to serve you, you exist to serve me". And thats a form of
	blatant idolatry. which voilates the first commandment which is to worship the Lord our God and no other. 
	
	How to Worship
	God hates idols. Idols are more than golden calves and statues. They can come in many different forms, 
	like “pleasures of life”, money, education, approval from others, everything that people esteem as very high or 
	that can draw our attention away from God. The worship of someone or something order than God. God cannot accept 
	second place. Once we make God subservient or equal to something or someone else, we have taken Him out of His proper 
	position. I dare say, whatever has the power to distract you in the presence of God, in the place of worship, 
	is an Idol. Whatever makes you feel self sufficient, self absorbed, dignified skills and accomplishments that 
	credits you and your heart accepts it without channeling it back to God, is an idol. 

	John 4:24-God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.
	This means we must glorify God (in public, family, private, and all of life), it must originate from within, 
	from the heart; it must be sincere, motivated by our love for God and gratitude for all he is and has done